Xft.antialias: true

XTerm*background: black
XTerm*foreground: white
XTerm*colorBDMode: true
XTerm*boldMode: true
XTerm*saveLines: 4096
XTerm*geometry: 130x40

UXTerm*background: black
UXTerm*foreground: white
UXTerm*colorBDMode: true
UXTerm*boldMode: true
UXTerm*metaSendsEscape: true
UXTerm*saveLines: 4096
UXTerm*geometry: 130x40

emacs.menuBar: off
emacs.toolBar: off
emacs.verticalScrollBars: off
emacs.background: black
emacs.foreground: white
emacs.mode-line.AttributeBox: t
emacs23.menuBar: off
emacs23.toolBar: off
emacs23.verticalScrollBars: off
emacs23.background: black
emacs23.foreground: white
emacs23.mode-line.AttributeBox: t

urxvt.foreground: white
urxvt.background: black
urxvt.scrollBar: false

#include ".Xresources_local"
